Re: Diagnosis

Hi All,

Thank you so much for all of the helpful feedback !  it means a lot that you’re all taking the time to respond to me and make me feel important, so thank you.


Understandably, I’ve been thinking back to my visits to the councillor from high school and remembering what they were like, and I always remember leaving and feeling really vulnerable .. is this a normal thing?
Should I expect this if I do decide to go back to one here as well?


I think I’m a bit scared to get tangled up with a councillor again – it takes a lot of trust for me to be able to say all of this to someone’s face and I don’t like feeling so vulnerable  ..
I definitely think it has something to do with feeling like a part of me has to be “fixed” or “changed”....
I feel like if I actually do find out what’s going on (whether I fit neatly or not – thank you Sophie  ) I feel like I’ll be losing a little part of me and I think that’s what scaring me ... I feel like im going through this process more or less alone and I don’t know how I’ll feel about forcing myself to change or “get better” ... has anyone else felt like that?  but considering everyone has really positive things to say about it, I am honestly considering working up the courage to go so thank you all for the push ..


Thank you @Birdseye for the help about ways to avoid avoiding the councillor!
Haha I really do appreciate those tips and If I decide that’s what I want to do, I promise to be gutsy enough to tell them that I expect to try to avoid them!

@Sophie, I completely understand that he isn’t really supposed to be trained in mental health, I guess it was just a bit of shock to build myself up that much to going and to him, it must have seemed like nothing ...


so a psychologist could eventually (attempt) to diagnose me but cant prescribe medication?
That’s okay, im not very keen on going onto medication, im already on one type of tablet and im not happy to go on anymore without telling my parents – which is a whole other can of worms!

Thank you for the links about psychologists, If I go I’ll be sure to ask about the different types of counselling and working out whats right for me – that was really helpful


@Bee – see my Gp didn’t even do that?
He asked a lot of questions and was like “so theres two options for people your age, these tablets or talking therapy” and I was like “im sorry, but what do I actually have?”
like he didn’t even really explain how hed come to the conclusion I needed help ..


I’m glad yours was a little better!
So have you followed through with your plans of going to counselling or still trying to find the right one?


By your recommendation, I have contacted EHeadSpace – I sent them an email just before posting this, explaining my situation and asking for what the recommended “next step” should or could be .. so thank you to everyone that recommended them, ive finally done that too..


I’m sorry this is so long, and thank you so much to everyone that has taken time out of their own busy lives