Re: Turning Negatives Into Positives
Continuing... (because I went over the character limit... whoops)
 
Neg: Rightio, that other negative. Around birthdays and christmas time gift giving seems like a natural part of the season. Which is why I don't feel as much guilt when given gifts but it's still there hanging over my shoulder, dragging me down. Because so often my family doesn't get it right and the gifts, they remain unused. A waste of money, just sitting there. Sometimes handed down but otherwise just wasted. And I feel at fault because they were for me, I should be thankful that I'm even receiving anything but all I feel is guilt and annoyance because my family just doesn't get me. I feel jealous of my younger cousin and brother who get cool things, things I would like, and I get the things my other cousin or sister would like. It's not right, socially, to be feeling jealous, guilt and annoyance in a 'jolly' season where I should be grateful, happy and... sombre? Humble even? And the worst part is I can't reprociate their gifts. I can't buy something for someone else without help because I just don't know people, not very well at least. Which makes me feel more guilty because all I can do is try to look happy and smile and say thankyou. Like I'm supposed to. Ugh, I want to give my families gifts but I can't because I don't know how, how to buy something for them they'd want or how to give without worrying about what they think. Whether they'd think or say 'oh you shouldn't have!' It's meant pleasantly, oh you shouldn't have bought something for me, I don't need/want anything! But it doesn't feel like it, it feels like they are downplaying your gift, saying your gesture is wasted. 
Pos: I am, obviously, way overthinking this. Your family, while completely messed up and slightly misunderstood, are slowly getting better. Their gifts are something you'd use. Not a selfish thought, but it means they are understanding you better and what I like, what I love. And I'm being a little silly saying jealousy isn't in the seasons. Of course it is, not a highly advertised part but as a growing teenage girl feeling misunderstood by her family it's totally acceptable to feel jealous of your male relatives getting stuff you'd be interested it. I'm sure plently of people would feel annoyed too, especially sibling rivalries, being generally annoyed with your family. And you are grateful, and if not happy, but appeased. I feel content with where I am, happy that I am with my family. And sure, I suck at gift giving but lots of people do. Only last year was my family close to accurate, giving my foriegn money and travel things in preparation for my journeys. While it also sucks people aren't always straight forward with what they want, I know what some of the people in my life like and enjoy. And that's okay. And the gesture isn't being downplayed by the phrase 'you shouldn't have'. Being honest I don't know what it means but I honestly don't remember encountering it myself and I doubt I will. It's just something I've read and seen/heard on the various things I've watched. Nothing to fear, and even if it does happen, tone and body language also mean a lot. The phrase itself seems somewhat harsh but with welcoming body language and a soft, happy tone it means something else.
 
Neg: People are hard to talk to. And I can't manage very well. At all.
Pos: Hahaha. I've created LIL for this, Laugh Inside Loudly, for those quiet moments when you are LOL but not making any sound (or even movement) to show laughter. Because I can assure myself that I have made at least two friends that I will hopefully stick with. Even more people that are more than aquantainces but I don't know if the word friend fits. 
 
Neg: I'm absolutely terrible at making my own friends. Just look at my track record. My best friend from early age, our families have been friends for a long time. My school friends, my mum introduced me to them and then left me there. A friend I made on my own, gone. More friends I've tried to make are gone. Even on my trip it felt like a friend I've made wasn't really a friend, just circumstances left us to be 'friends'. 
Pos: Hush darling, I would say to myself. I've changed a lot, still not the best judge of character but I'm getting better. And my friend who I sometimes feel like it a 'friend'. She's speaks another language natively, and she was with her other native friends. They are my friends too, but sometimes it can be difficult speaking another language and she just didn't want that. And we are in the same school and see each other a lot. I'm getting better at friend-making. And that's good.
 
Neg: Walk in to the restuarant near-first. Sit down at a lovely, and empty, (four person) table. Watch patiently as people move around you and sit at other tables. Feel your hope for friends dim, see your three friends sit somewhere else. Watch as the restuarant is almost full, your table still empty. Sigh deeply because you feel alone. Force a smile as late people are directed to your lovely and still empty table. 
Every. Bloody. Time. 
Pos: Not always restuarants but it still hurts of course. But that's expected, I don't mind being by myself but alone... except I'm not alone, not really. I confessed to the people who sat down and they said, yeah it's the same with us. I couldn't help think that they still had each other while I was alone but, her meaning was clear, I'm not the only one it happens to. 
More Pos: You don't call out to people, so they can always think the seats are taken. It didn't always happen and it also happened less towards the end. You even had an amazing friend who saw you by yourself and moved to sit with you so you weren't alone. This negative probably won't leave for awhile, maybe not at all. It'll happen occassionally but what's important, and what shines it out and throws it in that 'do not look, listen or touch' drawer is that you do have friends. People who will sit with you, or just general people who will if you encourage. I'm shy, reserved, people might think I want to be alone and leave it at that. I have friends who will sit with me and even if they don't, they're still willing another time.
 
Neg: It seems to be taking me forever to actually fall asleep, which is becoming increasingly annoying. My head won't stop running, it won't even quiet down, and I just toss and turn for close to an hour.
Pos: It's a pleasing feeling to wake up in the morning (except to alarms but we all know that feeling ) knowing that I've fallen asleep. Even though I'm usually still tired.
 
Just one more.... (this involves sexuality and sexual topics, if that makes you uncomfortable, you can skip over it. )
 
 
 
Neg: My head likes stories and sometimes these stories can be sexual. The problem is I am uncomfortable around those things and it just feels like I'm fighting against myself. My brain, thoughts and body are all fighting against each other and it's getting near too much.
Pos: I know where I stand and where my feelings sit on this particular topic. While your head might go a little too far and I'm left feeling uncomfortable it's okay be