Re: Turning Negatives Into Positives

Neg: Feeling a bit fragile today.
Kinda like there is too much going on inside my head to fully understand.
Wanting to just live my life with only me running it for once.
Feeling controlled by my parents, feeling like I can't stand up to them and tell them to back off, to lay off the expectations, to lay off me wanting to do thiings for them, mum especially.
I'm just getting really tired of never being able to have time alone for myself to figure things out myself.
Wanting to move out already!

Pos: There is a lot going on inside my head right now, I am going to try some journaling later tonight - when I lay on the ground and throw out millions of coloured pens and textas to expres myself!
I'm not sure on the whole parent thing, I'll think of some strategiest o try in my journalling.
I am looking at moving out at the end of the year.
I need that time to find my feet.


Neg: Felt really anxious when running into a parent from the last centre I did prac at (she's also a psychologist).
Part of me felt though like talking, but it had been so long since I last spoke to her I had no clue what to say.
I also didn't feel like talking.
I wanted to go home and be alone.

Pos: Part of me felt like talking because it was so easy to talk to her while on prac.
I did end up talking to her, she updated me on her daughters condition they were trying to figure out when I was there.
It was a good chat.
By the end I understood why I had that inclination to stop and chat.


Neg: Now I'm once again confused.
Do I try to gain contact with her again, or do I try with pref #2 who I emailed over easter?
I'm Feeling all so blood confused about the whole damn thing.
I just don't know why it all has to be so hard!?
I don't even know what I want.
It feels like talking to her will be harder than I thought, maybe I over simplified it in my head?
Maybe I'm over-complicating it now?
What am I to do?
Why do I alway have to question everything???

Pos: I can always try tomorr