Re: Turning Negatives Into Positives

Negative: Didn't sleep til way after 2 last night.
It was super hard to sleep, then wake this morning.
I just wanted to ignore the world today.

Positive: I eventually fell asleep.
I eventually got up and went to work.
I faced the world and smiled a little.


Negative: Really struggled through my shift today.
I was close to ringing my supervisor and saying I needed to leave the registers for a while, but a colleague relieved me for my break, however my break didn't help me much.
I found it so hard to even focus on my breathing.
It was soo hard.
The 4.5 hour shift just felt too draining...

Positive: My colleague had amazing timing at coming to relieve me because I was so close to panic.
I managed to the end of my shift.
I kept trying to breathe deep, not focus too much on how quickly, but trying to just make sure they were controlled.
As counting was only stressing me out even more.


Negative: My gp was running late today, which heightened my anxiety.
At first she didn't realise it was my 3month follow up apt.
She also had no idea that the psych was meant to write a letter, so the psych either ran out of time or forgot.
Meh.
I just wanted to run away and hide.
It was SO VERY hard not to close off and run.
I didn't even hear her call my name the first time.
Blergh.

Positive: I managed to say it was the follow up apt she wanted me to attend.
She looked for said letter but couldn't find it.
The gp apt overall was ok I guess.


Negative: Feeling very over it all right now.
Feeling like just packing up and running away.
I don't want to be here right now.
I don't want to face anything in my life right now.
It's all feeling too hard.
I just want to rid it all.

Positive: I'm getting through one day at a time right now.
I'm trynig SO HARD NOT TO STRESS over the following day.
I will get through this.

Positive: I have 2 choices, I can contact Eheadspace or I can contact my psych.
Right now I'm going to keep that in mind and try to calm my body and find a better space mentally.


Negative: The gp asked some tough questions today.
Some relating to SH & suicide.
I really didn't want to answer them.
I felt too scared...

Positive: I answered them anyway.
Because I knew it was better to be honest.
I told myself that I told the psych, I might aswell let the gp know, afterall she is INVOLVED in my care right now.


Negative: I forgot to ask the reception staff for an apt in 2 weeks when I finished today.
I only realised when I got to the chemist.

Positive: I CAN book that online myself.
Which might give me some freedom and make it a little easier.


Negative: I'm not feeling very safe right now.
My head is just ruminating on so many thoughts.
I'm agitated and just wanting to be left alone.
I'm not feeling able to make any clear rasional decisions right now.
I'm kind of scared.

Positive: I can do some journalling to help with the supports.
Being alone may help me calm down.
I know where to find a list of numbers to call if I get really bad.
I WIl make contact if I can't cope anymore.
If it gets to that point, I WILL write it down for my psych.


Negative: I don't feel like facing work tomorrow.
It's an 8am shift and I'm tired of feeling so tired.
I'm scared I'm going to feel really anxious again like today.
I'm scared that it may get very busy and I'll be stuck at the registers.
I'm scared of Sunday, being at the registers for 3 hours, I don't know if I'll cope being in express for that long again!

Positive: I just need to take it as it comes.
I know if it comes to it, I feel like I could say to my weekend morning supervisor that I need some time away from the registers for a while.
I'm sure she'll work something out if it gets to that.


Negative: I don't want to go to prac next week.
I don't feel emotionally or mentally stable enough right now.
I have all these thoughts and worries about what could happen, worries abou worries and thoughts.
I'm kinda scared of them.
I'm scared that I won't know ho