Re: Introduce yourself here!
May 2015

@Sophie-RO haha I was wondering when it was coming, but with all the amazing things in May!



How'd you find us?
Well...
I also found it on the internet but I cannot remember how or why.
But I'm glad I did!


If you could live in any period of history, when would it be?
Why?
At the moment (Thanks to the Percy Jackson series (and Heroes of Olympus)) I've been getting really into Greek and Roman time periods.
When I was in Rome, I was disappointed with how much catholicism there was, I was looking forward to the gods but still amazing!
Although I'd probably die in my teen years, it'd still be awesome!


What are you proud of?
Lots of things really, you guys, my family, myself.


Tell me 10 things that we'd see when we walk in your bedroom door?
I have a couple of bedrooms at the moment, and a couple more coming but I will use my current one.
1- A cluttered desk.
2- A weird, couch/seat thing.
3-(windows open)mountains.
4- clothes in piles on the floor.
5- My laptop.
6- a bed.
7- A stool.
8- a rug.
9- A full bin.
10- Me if you're lucky.


What relationship are you grateful for today?
My guest family.
We're not related by blood but they still treat me like family and I am grateful for that.


Give me three words that describe you.
Only three?
Well, some of you know me pretty well I think.
One- I think I'll go with unique, it's the best word I can use to describe my weirdness, impulsiveness, and my somewhat brash honesty.
Then there is kind, my friends would laugh but that's because they don't see it, not really.
And... trustworthy.
I'm an excellent secret keeper.


If you had to make an iPod playlist named after you, what songs would be on it?
Theme songs, classics from Star Wars, Avatar(Aang and Korra), Transformers(Bayverse and originals), a bunch of classical piano songs.
A few good, energtic ones from Disney and a bunch of recordings of rain and storms andbackground noise kinds of things.
Nature music.
Quiet forests, ra