Re: Turning Negatives Into Positives

It's been awhile but I need to get some stuff off my chest.


Neg: My mental stories aren't always pleasant, but now they are even more linked to my real world and it's not good.
Because a small part of me kind of wants it to happen, as terrible and disturbing as they are.

Pos: That's all they are, stories.
I'm a creative person, stories are my thing, daydreaming different things is something I enjoy and sadness, that's my element in stories.
I know my way around it more or less, it's my stories focusing around what I'm good at writing about.
And I love being in stories, which is why I want them to happen, because then the story would be real, and that would be cool to me.
Not because what's happening but because it's a story become real.


Neg: I couldn't stop myself from freezing up around Jayden.
Their presense and warm, cheerfulness just freaked me out.
Some part of me feels that they were doing it intentionally, to get that uncomfortable feeling from me and that frozen state.
I kept telling myself I wouldn't but each time I kept freezing up.
Stupidly hopeless in the face of social interaction.

Pos: You've reached out to them, kind of, and are breaking down whatever it is that makes them in particular so uncomfortable.
I think I know, I almost know, the reason why too.
The opposite in personality social-wise.
Their outgoingness and my ingoingness conflict so their direct openness to me just didn't work with my ingoingness so I froze.


Neg: My new family don't have the middle-ground so to speak.
There's only yes or no and I can't handle that very well.
It's hurting me emotionally because they'll ask me something "where do you want to eat?" and I might want nothing, maybe a cheap take out place or I could be in the mood for something fancy but my brain won't let me make that choice because I really don't mind, I don't want my decision to get in the way of what they'd rather do but they don't accept that.
Same with choices, "rice or potato?"
I can't choose, I might want potato but I'd be fine with rice if that's what they'd want but I'm in a position where my choice appears to be, the first one, in an unrealistic, broad way of putting it.

Pos: I really don't know about a positive for this.
Where is the positive in being constantly indecisive in your head?
I can't make proper decisions, I've rellied on my parents to do that instead, my friends.
But that's a negative.
The positive about this is that I know that I can give up what I want for a friend.
I am happy letting them be happy, which makes us both happy.
And I know that I'm not all that indecisive.
I make the important choices, I make the minor choices and I choose which ones to let go for the sake of my friends and family.
Because those choices aren't all that important in the long run and making sure my friends and family are happy is important.
The important choices, those I know I will never change, but some can be simmered.
And I know that as long as it doesn't make me too uncomfortable (because a little discomfort isn't a horribly bad thing because it could (and mostly is) related to being outside my comfort zone and I am somewhat happy to stretch it)) I am happy to do it.


Neg: I feel silly buying things for myself.
I don't mind buying food for myself, or books for writing in, perhaps a pen or pencil if I'm feeling generous but 'gift' things?
It feels selfish, wasting my money on those things.
For example, on my trip around Europe I bought two decks of cards, two key chains and a sculpture for myself.
(admittedly one keychain was for my brother but... don't tell him ) But I feel guilty about wasting the money on those things.
They are just possessions, I don't need them so why should I have them?
Things are expensive, or even if they are cheap, that money could be put elsewhere.
Schooling is expensive, food is expensive, housing is expensive.
Everything is expensive but here I am wasting money on gifts that don't serve any purpose aside from hanging.
The playing cards serve some purpose but I already have so many, why more?
I'm not a collector exactly so, it feels like a waste.
I try to be careful with money and other's money too.
I feel immensly guilty when people buy things for me.
Not so much around my birthday and christmas, because those are typically social gift-giving events but when it's something I won't use, it feels silly, there's another negative in here that I'll elaborate on in a sec or hundred but... money is precious, sort of and I feel like I'm wasting it.

Pos: Shush.
I say just shush.
It's okay to feel silly buying yourself things.
But do you know what else you bought?
A shirt, jewelry and magnets.
And postcards.
Not all of the things I've bought were for me.
I'd done buying for people, and it was Italy!
The playing cards had landmarks on them, some cool stuff so they were worth it.
The keychains, you have a collection.
And the sculpture, well that would make a good gift to someone anyway.
I'm already so careful with my money, this