Re: Turning Negatives Into Positives

Thanks @Sophie-RO sometimes this thread is the only thing keeping me moving forward... Sometimes the only reason I am able to see or even notice something has bee on my mind is when I wite it here.
It seems to be a safe space for me.
Really the only thing I'm doing to try and work through it, is trying to manage it with some breathing, distraction if possible at work.
Its hard though because some days I just need to work beside someone to help calm the anxiety, where as other times I know I just need to be alone.
And when I'm trying so hard not to let myself go into panic mode, it really drains my energy...


At first thought, there isn't anyone I'd be feel ok to alk about this with.
I mean with my colleagues, I don't know them well enough to know if that's something I could ask them.
But also it would kinda feel weird.
Going back to the GP early, I don't know, I haven' considered it, but it's not realy something I want to do, but I guess if it came down to it, I would.
Making a thread seems fine, but I know it's internal - something inside of me i actually blocking me from taking that step!
In regaurds to calling, I set myself a goal, I set a time, like today I told myself I would grab a recharge  for my phone a couple days earlier so I had bonus talk to b able to ring the psych after work.
Well after work, I thought about it, I brought up her number, but threw my phone onto the passenger seat instead of pressing the call button.
Like my finger was right about it, and before it reached thes scre I gave up.
So I really don't know how to approach it anymore.
I don't understand why this is so hard for me.
I struggle through 90% of things I try, but damned if I know why.
I mean hell, I can talk myself out of anything faster than anyone can tell me what they want me to do.
It's so frustrating.



Neg: I'm disliking this whole facebok thing of "on this day", I keep getting all these posts from like 4 years ago, reminding me of an ol friendship, reminding me of how I used to be.
Giving me another thing to feel bad about, because I don't think I'm fully over that friendship yet.

Pos: I've tried making new friendships, I've been trying to move on from that friendship for too long now.
I'm finding it hard now that I'm seeing them alot at work... I'm able to take a deep breath and act professionally like I do with other customers.


Neg: Was going to ring the psych today.
I chickened out again.
Feeling bad about it.
I mean if I can't even makethat damn call, how can I even expect to get better.

Pos: I got as far as bringing up her number again.
I'm trying to call her, continually bringing up her number, maybe one day I'll be able to actually press call.


Neg: Been in the wars recently, I'm either huring myself with the way I move, or I'm getting injured by the things around me, just yesterday I got scratched by a cat being cared of the vac, and I managed to get a nail in my foot!
My muscle in my arm is also sore from lifting the heavy boxes at w