I Psychologically Harm Myself, because I Hate Myself

I feel like I have tried everything else, so maybe thing will help.
I can hid behind my screen yet at the same time feel like I am actually telling someone about my problem.


I don't know why I hate myself.


Actually thats a lie, I know why.
What I don't understand is why I can't convience myself that its all in my head.
I live an extremly previliged life.
I have an amazing family, great friends and honestly my life is pretty easy.
I feel like I should be happy all the time, but the truth is that I am hardly ever happy.
Yet no one seems to see that.
I feel like I want to yell out for help because I am drowning yet I don't have a voice, and even if I did no one would be able to hear me anyways.


I hate myself so mcuh.
The only reason I continue to push through is because I love my family and friends and I know that their lives would not be easier without me, well at least not at first.
My little sister is my best friend and I know she looks up to me and loves me and it would mess her up to know that I am messed up.
She has a hard enough time with me away at college, I don't know what she would do if I was gone forever.
My parents are the same way.
They love me so much, and I know it.
Thats why I can't talk to them though, they would be so destroyed to figure out that I am so f*$%ed up, they would feel like they failed me as my parents.
Which of course isn't true.
Its not their fault, they have only ever been supportive and loving.


So on to why I hate myself.


First, I am not a good person.
I try, I really do.
I volunteer, I love to help people and heal people.
But I can do better, I still hurt people.
Maybe its not intentional, but I do.
I can do so much more for the world and yet I don't do it.
How can I love myself knowing that I am not doing all the good I could be?
Mother Theresa helped millions of people, and yet I am over here being selfish, watching netflix and feeling sorry for myself.


Second, I am not smart.
I don't get good grades.
I can't even say that I try to get all As because I don't.
I just feel like there is more to life then simply getting good grades.
Thats when reality sets back in and I realize I need to do well in school to do well in life, at least according to socities ideals.


Third, I have a hard time beliving that anyone likes me.
Really, I question how much my friends want to be friends with me all the time.
Why?
Because I wouldn't want to be friends with myself.
So why should they want to waste their time on me.
I am in a Sorority and yet I feel all the girls are able to connect so much deeper then myself.
I just have a really hard time making a deep emotional connection.


Fourth, I have now had sex with 9 guys.
I am a slut.
I am 20 years old.
The last one i stopped us as soon as we started because I knew that wasn't what I wanted.
I hate myself so much for having sex.
People tell you then to just stop but I spent my life growing up being told that I was attractive