Re: Turning Negatives Into Positives

Neg: Things at home are overwhelming me today.
I can't even type properly right now.
Feeling so very overwhelmed so annoyed.
Feeilng at the end of my tether

Pos: I'm aware that things are hitting my limit.
I am working towards being open with my psych.
I am giong to do some relaxation exercises tonight after this, really just try to calm.
I'm tryig to focus on the youtube mix I'm listening to right now


Neg: Feeling like there is so much I just need to do right now.
Right now there is so many things I want to do, but I'm not feeling well enough to really do any of it.
So confused.
There's so much I want to bring up with the psych, just to figure it all out, but I'm not even sure how to address it or where to start.
What to do even.

Pos: I can take things one by one.
I only need to go at a pace which I'm okay with.
I will be able to be open with her in time.
I've written a letter during the past week which I printed out today and plan on handing her tomorrow, that is after I show up!


Neg: Things at home got very heated today.
and it's left me feeling so confused.
So lost and annoyed.
I'm sick of the same fights over money.
As if money is everything.
I just can't cope with that attitude of wanting champagne on a beer budget.
I just can't keep living in a mixed world like this anymore...

Pos: I know I'm not to blame for what happened.
I was just a bystander.
I am allowed to feel whatever it is inside right now.
I am working on my attiude to everything right now.
I'm working on life.


Neg: I woke this morning with a pain in my chest, near the bottom of my rib-cage.
I tried to just ignore it and sleep, but it's hung aronud a fair bit today.
Not sure if it's asthma from al the smoke in the air right now, or something else.

Pos: I am watching it.
I am taking all necesary precautions and monitoring the pain.
Ensuring I'm  breathing nice and deep and that the air is fresh!


Neg: Was late to work this morning.
Found it kinda hard to get through my shift.
I'm feeling so disappointed in myself, that I'm struggling to get through my 4.5 hours shifts, feeling like I'd rather be in bed.

Pos: Thankful I wasn't too late, and it was heaps busy either!
SO there wasn't extra strain on colleagues.
This something I NEED to bring up with the psych and GP and see what can be done.
I'm struggling with the shifts because of my sleep cycle and also the excessive worrying and anxieties.
I am trying to get these under control by seeing a pysch!
It's a process.


Neg: Asked an old friend if there is any chance of patching things over between us, but not feeling like I CAN do that right now.
Feeling like it is just too hard.
Running into her at work on Friday made me remember all the things I didn't like about the relationship and why I didn't fight the friendship ending.
I'm so confused.

Pos: I need to look after myself, and if right now that means that it take a few weeks to finally start to patch it over, than so be it.
It also ne